DOC: Clarify when default initializer is called and when handlers are registered (#1019)
enthought/traits: docs/source/traits_user_manual/notification.rst

.. _decorator-semantics:

> Registration time

Reviewer: Not sure the title needs to change here, but if you do, you probably should update the id of the section on line 454, and also fix any references to the id elsewhere in the document.

Author: Agreed the title can be changed back. Will do that. Thanks!

:::::::::::::::::

The functionality provided by the @on_trait_change() decorator is identical to
that of specially-named handlers, in that both result in a call to
on_trait_change() to register the method as a notification handler. However,
the two approaches differ in when the call is made. Specially-named handlers
are registered at class construction time; decorated handlers are registered at
instance creation time.

By default, decorated handlers are registered prior to setting the object

> states. When an instance is constructed with a trait value that is different

Reviewer: Nit: I think "state" would be clearer:
```suggestion
state. When an instance is constructed with a trait value that is different
```

from the default, that is considered a change and will fire the associated
change handlers. The ``post_init`` argument in @on_trait_change can be used

> to delay registering the handler to after the states are set.

Reviewer: Same here:
```suggestion
to delay registering the handler to after the state is set.
```

states. When an instance is constructed with a trait value that is different
from the default, that is considered a change and will fire the associated
change handlers. The ``post_init`` argument in @on_trait_change can be used
to delay registering the handler to after the states are set.

A consequence of this difference is that the @on_trait_change() decorator
causes any default initializers for the traits it references to be executed at
instance construction time. In the case of specially-named handlers, any

> default initializers are executed lazily.

Author: The last sentence is removed because the behaviour is actually consistent between specially named handlers and decorated handlers: The default initializers are called.

Author: > The default initializers are called.

If the `__init__` is given a value too. But not if `__init__` is not given a value.
